Adding searchindex-remark for updating elasticsearch (#96)
zammad/zammad-documentation: install/update.rst

Updating elasticsearch
======================

If you want to upgrade your elasticsearch installation, please take a look at the `elasticsearch documentation <https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/setup-upgrade.html>`_
as it will have the most current information for you.

> .. note:: If your Zammad installation is quite busy or your ``zammad run rake searchindex:rebuild`` fails, you might want to stop the Zammad-Service: ``systemctl stop zammad``.
>   
>   The Reason behind this is that elasticsearch locks the indexes from deletion if you're pumping in new data (like receiving a new ticket). This only affects elasticsearch single nodes and should not affect clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If, for whatever reason, you need to rebuild your search index after upgrading, use::

   $ zammad run rake searchindex:rebuild
   
.. warning:: This step may fail if Zammad is under heavy load:
   Elasticsearch locks the indices from deletion if you're pumping in new data, like receiving a new ticket.
   (This only applies to single-node deployments, not clusters.)
   
   If it does, try killing Zammad first::
   
      $ systemctl stop zammad
      $ zammad run rake searchindex:rebuild
      $ systemctl start zammad
```

Author: You're right, that's much better!
